this is strictly in 60-seconds your bite
size guide to Britain's biggest dancing
contest this week the couples had three
dances to master including the infamous
swing earth on a test of style and
stamina for our five semi-finalists with
the glitter ball trophy incites all the
couples came out fighting it did take a
beat your last night map if you come out
and prove why you deserve to go to the
final some packs a punch
Karan Assam smashed the swing gathon but
others didn't quite hit the targets one
essential element of dance is timing and
that seems to sometimes elude you
darling despite all the hard work it was
time for two couple to leave the
competition Gavin and cassia with the
final in sight the pressure is now on
make sure you keep up to date throughout
the week right here at BBC koto UK
forward slash strictly